Ah, congratulations, Ancestor
He Xi Lao Ancestor
Even Fairy Nangong doesn't mention the ancestor
The old ancestor has already won the title and no one can match it in the world
Master, are you alright?
I'm fine just
You scumbag
Akaba Laokui
Do you want a face?
My master kindly spared your life
You actually avenge your kindness
That's despicable.
Lovely, this is called soldiers never tire of deception
Your master has won my red flame palm
Maximize your skills
See what you do
Old Ancestor for the mountains
Kill him right
This man killed us several times and three times
Must kill him today
Otherwise there will be endless troubles
Yes, the first line must kill him
This person cannot stay
Right
I'm waiting to ask the ancestor to kill him
He must die
Otherwise Big Zhou will die
Kyushu will be in chaos
It's over, even the master's master lost
We can still live
Are we on the wrong side?
Yang Fan, I wanted to let you go
But it's all your fault
Your master has been severely injured by me
I see what you do.
Hahaha
Yang Fan is called shooting himself in the foot
You are the one who commits your own sins and cannot live
Master, I will heal you
Old Ancestor can't give them a chance to breathe
Kill him while he's sick